W-17322762 Agentforce Connector (#2753)
mulesoft/docs-connectors: agentforce/1.0/modules/ROOT/pages/agentforce-connector-studio.adoc

= Using Anypoint Studio to Configure MuleSoft Chain AI Connector 1.0 - Mule 4

> :exchange-search-name: mulesoft ai chain

Reviewer: This reference needs updating as well

Reviewer: @valkyrie69 we need to update this to remove mention of MuleSoft AI Chain

:connector-name: Agentforce
:lc-connector-name: agentforce
:studio-connector-name: Agentforce Connector

include::connectors::partial$t-studio-partial.adoc[tags=topic-intro]

[[create-mule-project]]
== Create a Mule Project

include::connectors::partial$t-studio-partial.adoc[tags=create-project-intro]

[[add-connector-to-project]]
== Add the Connector to Your Mule Project

Add Agentforce Connector to your Mule project to automatically populate the XML code with the connector's namespace and schema location and add the required dependencies to the project's `pom.xml` file:

> . In *Mule Palette*, click *(X) Search in Exchange*.

Reviewer: Note: This experience will change once the Agentforce Connector is bundled with ACB

Author: Yep. We'll need to update in March.

include::connectors::partial$t-studio-partial.adoc[tags=listener-steps]

[[add-connector-operation]]
== Add a Connector Operation to the Flow

When you add a connector operation to your flow, you are specifying an action for that connector to perform.

To add an operation for Agentforce Connector, follow these steps:

. In *Mule Palette*, select *Agentforce Connector* and then select the operation to add.
+
image:agentforce-palette-operations.png["Mule palette in Studio with Agentforce selected and all of the connector's operations listed"]
. Drag the operation onto the Studio canvas, next to the source.

[[configure-global-element]]
== Configure a Global Element for the Connector

When you configure a connector, configure a global element that all instances of that connector in the app can use. Configuring a global element requires you to provide the authentication credentials that the connector requires to access the target system.

include::connectors::partial$t-studio-partial.adoc[tags=property-placeholders]

To configure the global element for Agentforce Connector, follow these steps:

. Select the operation in the Studio canvas.

> . On the properties screen for the operation, click the Add (*+*) icon  to access the global element configuration fields.

Reviewer: This configuration steps are still yet to be updated right? These appear to be c&ped from the original Mule AI Chain connector

Author: These steps are always the same across connectors.

= Using Anypoint Studio to Configure Agentforce Connector 1.0 - Mule 4
:exchange-search-name: mulesoft agentforce
:connector-name: Agentforce
:lc-connector-name: agentforce
:studio-connector-name: Agentforce Connector

include::connectors::partial$t-studio-partial.adoc[tags=topic-intro]

[[create-mule-project]]
== Create a Mule Project

include::connectors::partial$t-studio-partial.adoc[tags=create-project-intro]

[[add-connector-to-project]]
== Add the Connector to Your Mule Project

Add Agentforce Connector to your Mule project to automatically populate the XML code with the connector's namespace and schema location and add the required dependencies to the project's `pom.xml` file:

. In *Mule Palette*, click *(X) Search in Exchange*.

> . In *Add Dependencies to Project*, type `mulesoft agentforce` in the search field.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. In *Add Dependencies to Project*, type `agentforce` in the search field.
```

. Click *Agentforce Connector* in *Available modules*.
. Click *Add*.
. Click *Finish*.

Adding a connector to a Mule project in Studio doesn't make that connector available to other projects in your Studio workspace.

[[configure-source]]
== Configure a Source

include::connectors::partial$t-studio-partial.adoc[tags=configure-source-intro]

> You can configure one of these sources to use with MuleSoft Chain AI Connector:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can configure one of these sources to use with Agentforce Connector:
```
